# Neural-Machine-Translatation
* Businesses all around the world rely on translation services as an essential component of their daily operations. Translation helps organizations function easily and efficiently across international borders results in increased sales.
* An increase in humans' dependence on computer-aided systems has pushed me to work on more effective communication technologies that simulate interactions as well as natural languages translation. Over the last few years, translation has become a hotly debated academic topic. So, I'll primarily concentrate on four use case algorithms in this research namely: Transformer, Seq2Seq with Attention, BERT, and Statistical Machine Translation techniques.
* The translation is required for the transmission of information, knowledge, and ideas. Effective and empathetic communication across various cultures is critical. Let us begin with a single model. In machine translation software, it would take a sentence in one language and translate it into another. Because the Seq2Seq Attention Model uses both Recurrent Attention and Transformer, it may quickly learn the most likely decoding sequence in the target language. The capabilities for fine-tuning data to a given linguistic environment and resolving problems encountered on a daily basis. This deep learning model is extremely intriguing in terms of delivering a high-performing model.
* Machine translations are not good for lengthy periods. The accuracy percentage of automated translations ranges from 70% to 90%, but seldom exceeds 100%. It's unusual to come across a digital gadget that can properly translate each word. Human labor is recommended for the highest accuracy.  Although human translation appears to outperform artificial intelligence, it is far from perfect. The primary issue is the delayed speed. When compared to translation technologies, humans take far longer to produce translations. Human translation appears to be considerably more sophisticated than AI as the best option for translating context, although AI is improving every day. To achieve the ideal balance of accuracy and quality in translation, any good consumer of translation will consider both machine and human translating technologies.
